The enemy is being killed
Can the brave man sleep here?
In the midst of the heat
This friend who was next to me
I was so happy
I ran to him without thinking
The smoke is strong
I'll throw this away
Hug me tightly
In the empty pot
In the moment of anger
My friend raised his face
I don't care about the country
I'm sorry for being late
I have two hearts left
I have to leave this body
I said goodbye to you
Did it become a long farewell?
The fight is over
In the heart to return to search
Please live
I'm sorry for being late
My soul is cold
In the pocket that returned to the country
The clock is moving
I'm sorry
I think it was last year
When I couldn't see the country
I held my hand to the limit
The name of the pot was the beginning
More than that, one life
Two cigarettes were divided and drunk
I showed you the letter
I repeat the story of the body
I held my hand and said
There is no life anyway
I ask for the bone if I die
The two of us are in good terms
I'm alone without thinking
Strangely, life flows
In the red sunset